I-4321 go
Take one.
Brad
Alright.
The hair will going with
designer. Really good luck
today. I'm I'm trying to sing
along so just writing stuff.
Yeah, same, I failed to
do my video tutorial like
I plan to on the weekend.
Yeah, so one of the artifacts.
Yeah. Yeah, I
also failed to spend time on.
I will change this week. I get
ahead of it.
Except, except my punishment for
a Savage beating.
The word car park.
Or should have the
entire presentation first cut
by Saturday, hopefully.
Maybe Friday.
We got time.
This is the first cut anyway,
just to give you an idea of how
it's all laid out, and then we
can. To see how it sounds and
looks. Make changes from their
their document part to the
presentation. Or did you just
hand in the light video files,
video on the storyboard?
I think they want storyboarding,
so one of the drops in the
storyboard, but the final upload
is just just here, so we've
already uploaded the draft and
storyboard. Yeah, I don't think
we get marked on that. I think
it's just. Just to show
everyone's doing doing their job
or doing doing the assignment,
offer the draft. Yeah yeah.
But I think that they they only
said that they won't give you
any extra marks if.
I had the word, it sounded like
it. If you didn't submit any
done really bad, they wouldn't
give you pity marks. But if you
submitted the draft and you
followed their advice and is
still done pretty bad, you get
like Kitty marks. Please
please. So get pretty mugs.
Yeah. I'm just coming
together alright, some of the.
I know you've seen on discord
some of the animations are made.
Yeah, I don't spend being
awesome like the tutorial video
that you showed me that that I
tried to edit some of the sound
for that's that's awesome,
that's good, yeah.
I had the new seed like the
dancing Mongoose with Mongoose
with the flashing this in the
background that was just for,
well, obviously we're videos
didn't line up with audio and I
was like a few seconds or I'm
thinking of actually putting
slides in there to break up each
scene. Just like putting in a
slide, it says our security
deposit policy and then it cuts
in and then someone else cuts
in. Yeah, like you would give
him headings. Teach each quick.
Yeah maybe yeah, I don't know
how like the the new audio that
I edited, edited would sync up
to the old video just 'cause
like sometimes if like you
didn't say something too
clearly. Like I'd I'd take
snippets of other words that you
have said and I piece them
together. It sounds like you're
saying a different sentence, but
it might change the timing a
little bit. Not sure it should
be alright. This shortcut
program I got pretty good with
the overlay. Yeah, buffers into
the audios and.
Yeah or otherwise, just make the
scene slightly longer, or just
keep the along with flashing
lights in between. I think for
the most part where I did at the
time it was a little bit
shorter. Yeah, so we should be
good because I found that most
of my audio was luck. It's hard
because when I was making the
scenes, I've looked and go. Yep,
I've got 17 seconds of audio.
On either 17 * 24. That's how
many frames have seen or need,
so I've made it to that.
Which is insane. That's why it
takes so long to render 2424
frames per second. Those
animations are done in
independence air flow. Old VHS
frame rate. I think I think PHS
was like 23 point something I
can't quite remember.
Trust me on NTSC. Yeah, it was
deliberately done so you
couldn't play the videos in
Russia or something like that.
His power was still, the 60 was
still 60 Hertz, yeah?
Well, they thought it was better
quality somehow. Yeah.
It's pretty awesome if you want
to have an MP3.
And a four and you just want to
slide motion without adding any
effects. Just upload it into
that open teens and it just cut
it back to 24 frames per second.
Yeah, hence why go inside is
pretty slow motion of me Weibo
go. I just hear
some of the skills and
work was just wasn't working
out for me.
And to save cutting up each
image into like 6 different
things to give them individual
skeletons, I just yeah.
Opted for a back and forth
walking so on.
Hello. Yeah, it
looks awesome so far.
It's great. And I always imagine
like a South Park is sort of
animation style anyway. So yeah,
when we originally like
discussed it, that's what I was
imagining. I was thinking it was
like it was like a good bit. Bad
luck. It's yeah pull. If you
take poorly good yeah.
I think I'm done
since that.
Since that cut up put on, I
think I've done 5 scenes.
Only seven Saints, but.
How many? 30 How many
scenes are there in total?
In total 'cause I've had a split
of you. I think there's like 27.
Sorry is all that
in in teams.
Here. GitHub.
That'll be in GitHub under
A5. Oh yeah, seven 1320 oh, it's
probably 22 scenes actually so.
This video about HHH saying
imagine is like 5 seconds for
you. Go one more. You're
matching the frame rate.
I just broke him up in
there.
What is the last one?
Work.
What is funny just to give you
an idea of the.
Talking scene that I made.
It's kind of bad.
But Ha ha
ha. Should you share it straight
into teams? Like a document.
Yeah, sure. Today I've got a
check for this and will come up
in the meetings. Would or will
you do your discretion Maya?
They might do that.
Together, Moe, what's all
together? My share content?
Share a virtual space with us.
I don't know what I did. Lock
box The hell of a gun I
just enabled together mode and
now you're all sitting in seats.
Did that do it for you
guys as well?
I gotta take a photo with this.
Browsing though.
Rob. Oh
yeah. Everyones in like really
weird proportions to the seat.
There we go.
That's actually pretty cool.
Yeah, that boom.
What the
hell there
we go?
Hi Shannon, it shouldn't show us
those videos. Weather how much
have you been downloading?
That's almost saying so far.
Checking with title screen
share. What is going on?
Had to do that before.
100 teams will record
the Together mode in
the video the Arrow.
Hope. At March
Next to leave.
Gotcha. I like
I like the together mode like it
still has the background that
you put on.
Hey. Or down the bottom.
Sister Hi, I said.
Did Dakota is photo
bombing?
Daddy copy tickle time.
How to copy data?
Can you say that?
Yeah, shot automation.
It's just a jiff mouse.
No no no. What is after the
tutorial that can be like?
That could be like let's flip
the promotional part. I think. I
yeah, that's a scene 5 where
they're talking to each other.
It will just cut it back in
between those. Yeah yeah, that's
cool. 40 seconds. I'm not even
put if a tree in the background
swinging in swaying in the wind.
Or bed.
Yes.
What if I can get
yourself in trouble?
It did it do.
Stop sharing. Just in
case, yeah, that's good.
Most of the stuff I've put on
so far. But
Still a few things missing.
On GitHub.
I
didn't.
Miss together now. It's pretty
cool. Pretty funny.
Cricket
area. I just realized I
have my microphone on mute when
I was talking. There we go.
Now there's a random
behind me. And some of the
jipson that I use may be
copyrighted, but.
I added them to make an suit my
purposes. Think of this online.
The back the backgrounds on
I'm actually over.
Oh from shuttlecock,
whatever it's called.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So what else we have to get
done? Super. So I guess
we got the the detailed
description. Yeah, I'm working
on that. I'll have that ready,
but probably tomorrow.
An then after that we can start
working on that plan. Plan plans
in progress yeah or or did like
a little start on that
yesterday. Like I just wrote two
paragraphs and wrote like a few
dot points that we can use to
cover 'cause that ones like the
four page one. Yeah that one's a
big bit of a pain. Yeah yeah,
but I think I think everyone
sort of needs to contribute to
that one a little bit.
The time is that one on teams.
Yeah, should be on teams. Yeah,
I posted a message.
Yesterday when I posted it, I
think and it's on Discord as
well, OK? So to be.
In what tab is it? Sorry it'll
be groups and project Group and
pro group processes and calm.
OK, yeah, it's it's a bit
sketchy. Like it as it isn't
really like anything.
Like just a little bit of like
word salad thrown out there.
So this is extra light points
there that we can add after so.
I was thinking like you're
thinking that section we can put
like a timeline kind of thing
like like week one. There's a
chapter for that.
So mad about
iPhone buyer. Shut
up.
For that.
Alright, sorry, I'm Georgia gave
you the wrong one, so I think it
so that's the other one I did
so. The one I'm looking for is
plans in progress. Sorry, I
guess there's another tab. Yeah,
so that other one was the other
one I did. Sorry, is there any
completed completed sections
that I can put on the into the
actual report yet?
The process is in.
Communications is pretty much
done, it just needs to be
reviewed. I think I'm
missing that page.
Sorry this song.
The Sun Page 7 is the last, the
last part of the.
Detailed description. OK yeah
I got it. Yeah, I said
you need to do one paragraph,
but it did a whole page
so. Yeah, just needs to be
double checked over by someone
else 'cause. Yeah, make sure
everyone everyone agrees with
that. I'll go through and I'll
put all capital letters where
they shouldn't be. Yeah, that's
a good idea. 'cause 'cause
Maddie monster man he's gonna
wreck. But I'll make a version
where there's all capital
letters and then I'll have the
version where they're not.
Yeah and no spaces either.
Double space, triple
spaces, no tabs, every
word, then tab, word tab,
capital letters, and then
I'll give her that to
review. Even though there's
the other one. And let's
see what she says.
I mean we are doing RT, we
should do it in Camel case.
Mimi.
Actually, that's what I
should change. The Go button
on the website to do make it
all camel case.
Yeah. So not only the background
in the icon, all the text is
Camel case. Yeah.
Alternating camel case.
Yep. And
I think did I
do something
else I can't.
Not so I've just done the skills
and jobs. Group processes and
communications and some of the
some of the plans in progress.
But, uh, the the skills one is
the skills and jobs like a
separate section altogether so.
Yeah, I'll try to have my
section overview overview in
detailed description. By tonight
or at the latest tomorrow night
and then after that, I'll I'll
jump in into planting progress.
Yeah, that's right.
That's the biggest one, so yeah.
I'll I'll, I'll go through that
and then I'll see what I can.
Add in, yeah my awesome
questions later.
Yeah.
So is that everything?
Yeah, yeah, this anyone anything
to update on what their?
Are there parts off of
the? Detailed description.
Now I'm still working my free.
Yeah.
Tell description of rolls.
OK
alright.
I don't think I've got any
questions. No, they were pretty
good. That extra weight is gonna
have a lot but.
So what do you know? I feel like
this, it's this. This assignment
is boring compared to the
others. It is, yeah, except for
the presence how I feel harder
to be made of presentations this
week. Yes. Actually, I've
enjoyed my presentation.
I'm not enjoying making the app.
Jeff, my boy service. If anyone
does download the.
The GitHub and listens to some
of the character voices I do
plan on changing with reverb and
some kind of.
So we should download the
editing a soundboard to prank
you. Yeah, there ******* their
terrible but better. I can edit
some of this sounds as well, so
I've got all the stuff for it.
'cause I just am I put on a
voice for the cow.
Because I'm trying to get my
daughter ate the lines wasn't
working. Hunger is a child makes
him tough, but I think that with
voice to happen there is a snake
maybe and maybe the Hydra.
But the manga sounds terrible.
Yeah, I know, maybe I can have a
crack it. You need that big
block from work to do the
Mongoose sounds I do.
Alright guys, but I I'm sorry I
think I need to go now.
We're going to have to dock your
pay then. Alright, see
you guys later.
But yeah, if you want to edit
those Sam, I'm not phased.
I'm not too good luck. Can
you make them?
Not sound like me, if that makes
sense. No, not really. I
mean, I could do like some
pitch shifting and stuff.
Yeah, I'd like something
that's all some modulation
effects and that might.
But like you and you'll still
hear your own voice in there
you'll be like, hey, that's me.
Even if other people can't
recognize it that much, we can
we make him sound like a woman.
But then so so like that.
That video where he's at his
computer desk or just, you know,
make him say some stuff, but
it's a woman's voice.
Good job with that one that was
so painfully alright.
Camera wasn't working, audio
wasn't working. I had the script
like Blu Tack to my wall trying
to get a nice, you know, podcast
view of myself while talking.
Two hours, 2 hours later on a
pretty much just through the
cameras went get.
I recall I recorded that, but
even that took good. I know
there's been 1/4 take.
Girls believer not once. I
actually fell out of my chair.
I did have a deal over. She had
yes that video. No, just delete
it as I went, oh.
Um? 'cause what's that? Would've
been kinda funny.
61 here.
So using the what are you using
to record it? Setting to
record like that.
Yeah yeah. I was using
the GoPro. Oh
Which one was it?
There's a little filter in here.
I used for the audio which
really cracked me up.
Current member it was cold.
But I can make it sound like a
chipmunk chipmunk no. Yeah, this
is like a pit shift pretty well.
It is a bit shift, yeah?
Also on that freaking hilarious.
But
How are
you?
I did wanna normalize over one
of 'em, but I yeah I
didn't know that worked.
From the 1st to the
1st 2 audio scenes.
I did give a try to make him
sound better by Normalizer.
Would probably work once you put
all the scenes together and then
normalize the video throughout.
All the normalizer does is set
the. Fill out a sound to
whatever you want the loudest to
be. So if you want to like 0
DBFS or something. So even if
you're really quiet in some
points and then then really loud
in the others. It will still
have the same volume difference.
It just has more potential to
irritate people if they haven't
turned the headphones down.
What size about that,
Megan? Is it?
If we want to be really
technical, we can like sit like
L UFS, loudness levels, targets
and stuff so.
Stream on YouTube better.
So we're gonna upload
that video to YouTube
to that didn't do
anything anything. No.
Yeah, ****
We're recording.
Oh yeah. German is something
regarding the meeting. There's
no more updates.
I think that's good.
And we can discuss the.
The the foul language off
camera. Get your baseball
bats and cricket bat with
nails ready.
Pitch pitch, there it is pitch.
That's what it is.